[Music]
come on
let's get you guys Hey look someone left
a camera oh it's Olivia's camera that's
weird
we can stop by her house on our way home
[Music]
are you sure we should be in Olivia's
room without her her mom said it was ok
what should we do while we wait for her
the fascinating world of the electron
okay reading is definitely out of the
question
and so is finishing whatever this thing
is I have an idea let's prank Olivia I'm
totally in yeah let's do it I'm in ok
who wants to be Olivia that's going to
take a great actress with a lot of
talent
ok I'll do it first I have to put on her
clothes and action hi I'm Olivia welcome
to my science show today is all about
see something science e right
photosynthesis that's when plants well
there's the sun's rays and they talk
about Jacob Jacob no my turn
hi I'm Olivia and today is all about the
time I helped rescue animals in the
jungles I know we could totally paint
Olivia's room to look like a jungle
setting no no way that's totally not
gonna happen
girls let me show you a real actress in
action
hi I'm Olivia and welcome to my science
show today I'm going to show you how to
make a television out of an ordinary
potato all you need is a potato some
wire thingies and one of these gizmos
with a dial simply insert the wires into
edit a toe and turn the dial then you
can watch all your favorite shows
whenever you want oh and when hungry you
simply turn your TV into french fries
when I'll show you how to make your own
laptop computer from nothing more than a
banana and a stopwatch thanks for
joining me today on Olivia's science
show what's going on uh um we were just
um making you a video cool let's watch
it but uh why are you all wearing my
clothes welcome to my science show today
I'm going to show you how to make it you
guys are terrible at pulling pranks
because this is how you pull a prank
you've been watching a special edition
of Olivia's science show what happens
when you leave your camera for your
friends to find smile and wave girls
you